GENERAL:
This is the prototyp of the AV patcher for modding purposes.
Currently it contains only windows script files and the patching files.
It shouldn't be too difficult to adopt the scripts to other OS's.

PREREQUISITES:
Make sure to check the "Add to path" checkbox if there is one:
-git https://git-scm.com/downloads
-dotnet framework sdk https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet-framework/thank-you/net481-developer-pack-offline-installer
-dotnet https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/thank-you/sdk-6.0.401-windows-x64-installer
-dotnet core https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/thank-you/runtime-aspnetcore-3.1.31-windows-x64-installer
Should be installed:
-ilspycmd Automatically installed if dotnet is installed
-tar Included in the current version of Windows 10 and newer

NOTES:
If you develop mods, please stick to the following Convention for the names, because this is also integrated into the scripts.
Zip-Structure: Game-ModName-ModVersion-Platform-GameVersion.zip
Zip-Example: AV1-Multiplayer-0.4.1-Steam-1.58.zip
The ModName is represented by your git branch name
The ModVersion is represented by the git tag at the current commit. For that reason. DO NOT USE TAGS, unless you set a version. Use only 2 dots.
Tag Example: V1.0.0

INSTRUCTIONS:
Make sure that you installed the latest versions and added it to the path.
Copy this folder directly in the AV folder if your game location is admin restricted chose a different location. You need to copy all your game files to do so (For example to the Desktop).
Open the "Mods" folder
Execute intitialize.bat. You need to do this step only once
Drop the *.patch files into the "Mods" folder.
If you add/remove a *.patch file you need to execute the patchGame.bat to add it to your game.
If you want to undo all of it execute the restoreGame.bat.

OVERVIEW:
initialize.bat: Decompiles your game, creates a backup of it and creates a git repository from it. Use this first and only once.
applyPatches.bat: Add all code patches (*.patch) to your codebase as a seperate git branch. Drop a *.patch file into the Mods folder beforehand.
createPatch.bat: Compiles the current git branch and overwrites the AV executeable. Additionally it creates the packed files, in the mods/brachname folder. Just zip them and you can publish your mod.
restoreGame.bat: Removes all the temporary files and restores your game to the default. Use this with caution.
update.bat: Use, whenever a AV version update occurs, to adjust your mod to the new version. Executes all other scripts in order.

ADVANCED:
Behind the scenes we are decompiling the AV.exe changing some code and recompiling it again.
The patches are applied to a git repository with the decompiled source, which is located in the temp folder.
The backup of the original AV.exe is in the backup.
In the default git configuration there are two tags for the unmodified source and the compileable source.
The patches are applied consecutively ontop of the master/Start.
If you want to create a Mod it is recommended to create a new branch with the name of the mod.
To improve the experience there are two scripts.
createPatch.bat creates a new patchfile from the difference between the current HEAD and the master/Start and names it accordingly to the branch.
refinePatch.bat switches to the master/Start and patches the source with the specified file from this folder.
Furthermore it creates a new branch with the respective name.